# April 1st Student Meeting

## Attendees 
Laura and Tom
Absent: Kit, John, Lewis and Simon

## Minutes
Discussed the chunks the software needs to split up into.

3 Main Chunks:
* HexGrid
* TopicPage
* GeoMap

What the chunks contain:
#### HexGrid
* Producing the data
* Producing the UI

#### TopicPage
* Wordle
  * Producing the data
  * Producing the UI
* TopicMonthlySpendByDept
  * Producing the data
  * Producing the UI
* TopicTotalSpendByDept
  * Producing the data
  * Producing the UI
  
#### GeoMap
* Getting Postcodes
* Producing the UI

Also going to include percentage for Database Work - i.e. creating views and manipulating queries

Suggested %age contributions (based on Github/evidence we have seen) - these will need to be discussed with the group.

#### HexGrid
Lewis - 10%
Tom - 40%
Simon - 10%
Laura - 40%

#### TopicPage
Lewis - 30%
Kit - 30%
Laura - 15%
Tom - 15%
Simon - 10%

#### GeoMap
Lewis - 70%
John - 30% (? - depends how far along with postcode data)

#### Database Work
Laura - 40%
Simon - 40%
Kit - 20%

## To Do
* Functional Design Document
* Apply Uniform comments with Revision History to code
* Produce Usage Document
* Layout of pages needs fixing
  * HexGrid colours
  * position of graphs on topic page
* rename files and add to server
* Add Grants List to Topic Page
* Contact Directors of Research

## Next Meeting

Today 14:15 with Mike
discuss with group when next Student Meeting will be
