# February 18th Group Meeting

## Attendees 
Tom, Laura, Simon, Kit and John 

Apologies : Lewis via Email

## Minutes
We now have RCUK database from Stefano so can start using this after we get a working prototype using SOM with hexgrid.

**Need to remember not to commit usernames and passwords to github**. Simon has created a config file to use (config.inc.php).

Kit has started work on Matlab code for the SOM - should be ready by tomorrow.

### Tasks this week:
* John - Once Stefano gets back to us with inference for Mallet topics will start getting that working. 
* Kit - working on SOM Matlab code
* Tom - GeoJSON location for maps of topic distribution/contributions
* Laura - Update database views and queries for different graphs and data to be passed to the hexgrid
* Lewis - Once SOM is ready from Kit needs to update the hexgrid code to include this

Aiming to have a meeting with Paul Thompson early next week - Tuesday maybe? - will discuss further during next meeting.

## Next Meeting
Group - Thursday 10.15

with Mike - Thursday 27th 10.15
