# March 25th Meeting 

## Attendees
Tom, Lewis, Laura, Simon, Kit and John
Mike

## Minutes
Hexgrid works with working links to Topic pages - need new data format from PHP. Topic graph now colouring properly.

Add grants list to topic page. Link grant to EPSRC page - linking to Stefanos page at this time would cause confusion as different topic models have been used. Use GrantRefNumber in link to EPSRC - link can be found in research perspectives page for grant.

Mike approved questionnaire for users - decided this should be used for PHDs not Directors of Research.

Map - need geo data for all organisations (link close by postcodes together)

Should look into highlighting words in wordles - not a priority though.

### Documentation
There are three main Software structure
* Generating data
* Topic Map
* Geographical Map

Documentation should break each one down into chunks explaining what the software does and %ges of who has contributed to it.
Chunks only need to go down to the size of 1 file - should not go into functions etc.

Top Level Diagram showing information flow

Overview of software should contain - function, inputs and outputs
Top Level design - chunks and dataflow
Uniform comment at top of every file with function, who worked on it and revision history

Each chunk of software should be given a name agreed upon by everyone so that it is clear what section is being discussed in both individual and group documentation

Individual documentation should contain contribution, challenges faced and what you are most proud of; diary/log details.

Usage Documentation - breif explanation of how to use the software

Preface the Functional Design Document with Context - Overall Objective (i.e. provide management with overview of grants spending within the university)

Requirements - at a glance view of heriot watt research; More abstract view of research.

Write down the key requirements along with a reasonable amount of motivational stuff in this Preface.

We should make a Document List - agree Top Level structure

Directors of Research
* Talk to Peter Morris (Life Sciences) - Mike has mentioned the project to him already
* Paul Thompson
* Mike sent email link with list of research directors for schools
* CS is Gabriel Lord not David Corne

## Next Meeting

Tuesday 1st April 14:15 with Mike
agreed with Group - Tuesday 10:15 
