# February 20th Group Meeting

## Attendees
Laura, Tom
Late : John, Kit
Apologies : Simon via Email
Absent : Lewis

## Minutes
Discussed what still needs to be done - not much done since Tuesday

MySQL work to be done : 
* get monthly spend data
* get proportions from existing proportion data
* generate data to be used in Geo location 
  * topics - collaborators/grants
  * Simon has an existing database with location data in it - see if this could be used?
  * Use coordinates of each university

D3 work to be done :
* map views/graphs - Tom
* hexgrid using SOM data - Lewis/Kit 
  * Kit to get relevant data in correct format from SOM code that Stefano gave us - he will email Stefano if stuck
  
PHP work to be done :
* TSV format code to be tested/updated to put into needed format
* look into maybe doing some of the calculations on PHP side as well as database side to get data into correct formats

We need to see if the topics for RCUK and EPSRC data are the same or if they are using different topic models - John is looking into this and will clarify with Stefano if necessary.

John is going to work on his write up for Mallet/Topic Modelling

### Meeting Paul Thompson
Based on work completed so far does not look likely to be ready in time for a meeting with Paul Thompson on Tuesday - will see how much work gets done over the weekend and decide if it is feasible to fit in before next Meeting with Mike.

### Next Meeting
Tuesday 10.15 
