# January 21st Student Meeting 14.15

## Attendees: 
Tom, Lewis, John, Kit and Laura

## Minutes

Main Discussion points questions to ask Paul in meeting tomorrow and assigning tasks to individual group members. 

Questions for Paul:

* What format would he like to see the data?
* How will we access the data?
* What data is stored in the database - is everything Mike mentioned as important available to us?
* How will we get the summary data to add to the new database?
* Other uses that he would want to use it for?
* Are there any privacy issues to worry about?

Initial division of work:
* Front End (d3.js) - Tom, Lewis
* Mallet - John
* PHP - Simon
* Requirements - Laura
* Database - Kit
* Risk Register - Everyone
* Progress Report - Everyone

Next Meeting: Paul Thompson - Wednesday 22nd 3pm, SR304 - Tom, Laura and Lewis to attend.

Next Student Group Meeting: Thursday 23rd 10.15am, room to be booked by Kit.

Note: Room booked EM 1.58

